updating token details for halving (#553)
helium/docs: docs/blockchain/mining/mining.mdx

Consensus Group since the last epoch.

So, if the Network achieves its target block time of `60` seconds, and target
epoch of `30` blocks, the blockchain will produce `2,500,000` HNT per month. Per
epoch, this equals roughly `1712.704154343` HNT. The math for this is as follows:

> - `(43790.40 minutes per month / 30 minutes per epoch) = 1459.68 epochs per month`
> - `(2500000 tokens minted per month / 1459.68 epochs per month) = 1712.704154343 HNT per epoch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `(43200 minutes per month / 30 minutes per epoch) = 1440 epochs per month`
- `(2500000 tokens minted per month / 1440 epochs per month) = 1736.1111 HNT per epoch`
```

### What Are The Current Block and Epoch Times?

At any point you can go to the
[Helium blockchain Explorer](http://explorer.helium.com/) to view recent block
and epoch statistics, past $HNT production numbers, and much more. 

## HNT Distributions Per Epoch

> As calculated above, the target `HNT` per epoch is approximately `1712.704154343`. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As calculated above, the target `HNT` per epoch is approximately `1736.1111`. The
```

next logical question is, "Where does all this HNT go?" Let's take a look.

Below are the mining rewards per epoch as of August 1, 2021. For every complete epoch, marked by the
election of a new Consensus Group, all the `HNT` produced are distributed over
the following reward types:

| Reward Type           | Percentage    | HNT Earned by Reward Type |
| :-------------------- | :------------ | :------------------------ |

> | PoC Challenger        | .90%          | 15.41433739               |
> | PoC Challengees       | 5.02%         | 85.97774855               |
> | Witnesses             | 20.08%        | 343.9109942               |
> | Consensus Group       | 6%            | 102.7622493               |
> | Security Tokens       | 33%           | 565.1923709               |
> | Network Data Transfer | _Up to 35%_   | _Up to 599.446454_        |
> | **Total**             | **100%**      | **1712.70415434**         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PoC Challenger        | 0.90%         | 15.6250               |
| PoC Challengees       | 5.02%         | 87.1527               |
| Witnesses             | 20.08%        | 348.6111              |
| Consensus Group       | 6%            | 104.1666              |
| Security Tokens       | 33%           | 572.9166              |
| Network Data Transfer | _Up to 35%_   | _Up to 607.6389       |
| **Total**             | **100%**      | **1736.1111**         |
```

type percentage, you can always query the
[Chain Variables API](/api/blockchain/chain-variables).
The next maximum allotted rewards change is currently scheduled for **August

> 1, 2023.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1, 2022.**
```

Author: Really?

amount of Data Credits (DCs) routed by any given Hotspot per epoch. In doing so,
the Network Data Transfer reward is proportional to the DC spent that epoch.
This proportional relationship between Network Data Transfer reward type and DC

> is capped at 35% (599.446454 HNT). Therefore, if the DC burned doesn't equal
> the value of `599.446454` HNT, the remaining HNT is redistributed to the Proof of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is capped at 35% (607.6389 HNT). Therefore, if the DC burned doesn't equal
the value of `607.6389` HNT, the remaining HNT is redistributed to the Proof of
```

Coverage (PoC) rewards groups pro-rata.

Here are a few examples to illustrate how this works in practice:

**Example 1: DC Burn does not exceed 35% HNT**

- In a given epoch, `2,000,000` DCs are transferred across the network
- The HNT Oracle Price is `$2.00`
- In this scenario, total HNT value of DC transferred in this epoch is `10HNT`.
  This calculation is:`(2,000,000 DC * $0.00001 / $2 HNT Oracle Price)`
- These `10 HNT` would be split proportionally to the Hotspots who did the work
  routing packets at the 1:1 rate.

> - The remaining `587.6389` from the Network Data Transfer reward would be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The remaining `597.6389` from the Network Data Transfer reward would be
```

> - The remaining `589.446454` from the Network Data Transfer reward would be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The remaining `587.6389` from the Network Data Transfer reward would be
```

  distributed ratably among the Challengers, Witnesses and Challengees.

>   - `20.40391572` to the Challenger group
>   - `455.2340306` to the Witness group
>   - `113.8085077` to the Challengee group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `20.6457` to the Challenger group
  - `461.5945` to the Witness group
  - `115.3986` to the Challengee group
```

In this scenario, total HNT value of DC transferred in this epoch is `2500HNT`.
This calculation is:`(500,000,000 DC * $0.00001 / $2 HNT Oracle Price)`

> - Because the Network DC burn exceeded the `599.446454` available to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Because the Network DC burn exceeded the `607.6389` available to the
```

  above.
- Hotspots can earn one or more reward types during any given epoch.
- Hotspots are only eligible to submit one Proof of Coverage Challenge - which

>   results in them earning the `PoC Challenger` reward - **once per 480 blocks**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  results in them earning the `PoC Challenger` reward - **up to once per 360 blocks**.
```

less-than-optimal block times. This results in slower epochs. When this happens
the blockchain will produce **less** HNT over the same period of time. This may
seem counterintuitive. _Shouldn't the blockchain produce more HNT when block
times are slower to ensure the `2,500,000` per month target is hit?_ No. Again,
think blocks, not clocks. Here's a step-by-step example to make it clearer:

- Let's assume for a given `60` minute period, the average block time was `120`
  seconds (which is double the target of `60` seconds).
- This would mark `30` blocks over the `60` minute period, conclude an epoch,
  and result in HNT rewards being distributed.

> - As with any epoch, we would distribute the target of (approximately) `1712.70415434`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As with any epoch, we would distribute the target of (approximately) `1736.1111`
```
